What city is the capital of France?
In which city is the Statue of Liberty located?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
What city is the capital of Japan?
What city is called the "Eternal City"?
In which city can you visit the Eiffel Tower?
Where is the Berlin Wall located?
In which city is Big Ben located?
What city is called the "Big Apple"?
In which city is the Sydney Opera House located?
In which city can you see Red Square?
In which city is the Golden Gate Bridge located?
What city is the capital of Brazil?
Where is the Vatican located?
What city is called the "City of Angels"?
In which city is the Burj Khalifa located?
In which city can you visit Park Güell?
What city is the capital of Canada?
Where is the Leaning Tower of Pisa located?
In which city does the Rio de Janeiro Carnival take place?
What city is the capital of China?
In which city are the Brandenburg Gate located?
In which city is the Temple Mount located?
What city is called the "Metropolis of the Future"?
Where can you visit the Louvre?
In which city is St. Peter's Square located?
What city is called the "Windy City"?
Where is the Guggenheim Museum located?
In which city is the Sagrada Familia located?
What city is the capital of Australia?
Where can you see Niagara Falls?
In which city is Tower Bridge located?
What city is the capital of India?
Where is the Las Vegas Strip located?
In which city can you see the Temple of Heaven?
What city is called the "City of a Thousand Minarets"?
In which city is the Efteling amusement park located?
Where is the Golden Square located?
In which city can you visit the Prado Museum?
What city is the capital of Turkey?
Where is the Hermitage located?
In which city is the Church of the Savior on Blood located?
What city is called the "White City"?
In which city is the Acropolis located?
Where can you see Chichen Itza?
In which city is the Frida Kahlo Museum located?
What city is the capital of Argentina?
Where is the Charles Bridge located?
In which city is the Siegfried-Lininger Museum located?
What city is called the "City of Bridges"?
In which city is Machu Picchu located?
What city is the capital of Mexico?
In which city is the Potala Palace located?
Where can you see the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore?
What city is called the "Pink City"?
In which city is the La Scala Opera House located?
Where is the Brooklyn Bridge located?
In which city can you visit the Van Gogh Museum?
What city is the capital of Thailand?
In which city is Jurassic Park located?
Where is the Mont Saint-Michel Monastery located?
In which city can you see the Stone Forest of Shilin?
What city is called the "City of Gardens"?
In which city is the Hofburg Palace located?
Where is the London Eye located?
In which city can you visit the Temple of Artemis?
What city is the capital of Iran?
In which city is the Pompidou Center located?
Where is the Canadian Museum of Civilization located?
In which city can you see the Alhambra?
What city is called the "City of Light"?
In which city is the Maracanã Stadium located?
Where is the Temple of the Tooth located?
In which city can you visit the Palace of Versailles?
What city is the capital of Spain?
In which city is the Museum of Fine Arts located?
Where is Chinatown located?
In which city can you see Westminster Abbey?
What city is called the "City of Contrasts"?
In which city is Prague Castle located?
Where is the Lotus Temple located?
In which city can you visit Redwood National Park?
What city is the capital of Pakistan?
In which city is the Metropolitan Museum of Art located?
Where is Neuschwanstein Castle located?
In which city can you see St. Basil's Cathedral?
What city is called the "Pearl of the Black Sea"?
In which city is the Cologne Cathedral located?
Where is the Sagrada Familia located?
In which city can you visit the Blue Mosque?
What city is the capital of Egypt?
In which city is the Salvador Dali Museum located?
Where is the Christ the Redeemer statue located?
In which city can you see the Hermitage?
What city is called the "City of Eternal Spring"?
In which city is Tiananmen Square located?
Where is St. Patrick's Cathedral located?
In which city can you visit the Vatican Museums?
What city is the capital of the Netherlands?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
Where is the Alhambra Palace located?
In which city is the White House located?
What city is called the "Northern Venice"?
In which city is the Kyoto Temple located?
Where is the Ponte Vecchio Bridge located?
In which city can you visit the Louvre?
What city is the capital of Russia?
In which city is the Louvre Museum located?
Where is St. Mark's Square located?
In which city can you see the Hanging Gardens of Babylon?
What city is called the "Fashion Capital"?
In which city is the Forbidden City located?
Where is the Notre-Dame Cathedral located?
In which city can you visit the Guggenheim Museum?
What city is the capital of Greece?
In which city is the Bolshoi Theatre located?
Where is Nevis Square located?
In which city can you see the Kremlin?
What city is called the "City of Love"?
In which city is the Cathedral of Christ the Savior located?
Where is Edinburgh Castle located?
In which city can you visit the Fabergé Museum?
What city is the capital of Belgium?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
Where is Lenin Square located?
In which city can you see Machu Picchu?
What city is called the "City of Towers"?
In which city is the Hermitage Museum located?
Where is Schönbrunn Palace located?
In which city can you visit the Peter and Paul Fortress?
What city is the capital of Sweden?
In which city is the Palace of Versailles located?
Where is Piccadilly Circus located?
In which city can you see the Sistine Chapel?
What city is called the "City of Seven Hills"?
In which city is the Metropolitan Museum of Art located?
Where is Hammersmith Garden located?
In which city can you visit the Vatican Museum?
What city is the capital of Austria?
In which city is Neuschwanstein Castle located?
Where is the Bosphorus Bridge located?
In which city can you see the Great Wall of China?
What city is called the "City on Seven Hills"?
In which city is the Temple of Artemis located?
Where is the Prado Museum located?
In which city can you visit Westminster Abbey?
What city is the capital of Switzerland?
In which city is the Acropolis located?
Where is Navona Square located?
In which city can you see the Notre-Dame Cathedral?
What city is called the "City of a Hundred Spires"?
In which city is the Taj Mahal located?
Where is Plaza Mayor located?
In which city can you visit St. Stephen's Cathedral?
What city is the capital of Poland?
In which city is the Grand Canyon located?
Where is the Luxor Temple located?
In which city can you see the Capitol?
What city is called the "Golden Gate"?
In which city is the Louvre located?
Where is Sultanahmet Square located?
In which city can you visit the Cologne Cathedral?
What city is the capital of South Korea?
In which city is Park Güell located?
Where is the Sydney Opera House located?
In which city can you see the Vatican?
What city is called the "City of Gold"?
In which city is the Sagrada Familia located?
Where is Bastille Square located?
In which city can you visit the Salvador Dalí Museum?
What city is the capital of Denmark?
In which city is the Pantheon located?
Where is the Vasco da Gama Bridge located?
In which city can you see the Peter and Paul Fortress?
What city is called the "City of Fountains"?
In which city is the Burj Khalifa located?
Where is Republic Square located?
In which city can you visit the Uffizi Gallery?
What city is the capital of Norway?
In which city is the Tate Museum located?
Where is St. Peter's Square located?
In which city can you see the Brandenburg Gate?
What city is called the "Pearl of the Adriatic"?
In which city is the Louvre located?
Where is the Old Town Square located?
In which city can you visit the Temple of Minerva?
What city is the capital of Portugal?
In which city is the Golden Palace located?
Where is the Blue Mosque located?
In which city can you see the Pyramids of Giza?
What city is called the "City of a Thousand and One Nights"?
In which city is the Hermitage Museum located?
Where is St. James's Square located?
In which city can you visit St. Isaac's Cathedral?
What city is the capital of Finland?
In which city is the Red Bay located?
Where is Tower Bridge located?
In which city can you see the Temple of the Sun?
What city is called the "City of St. Peter"?
In which city is the Louvre located?
Where is the Capitol in Washington located?
In which city can you visit Yu Garden?
What city is the capital of Hungary?
In which city is Stonehenge located?
Where is St. Paul's Cathedral located?
In which city can you see the Statue of Liberty?
What city is called the "City of Castles"?
In which city is the Cathedral of Christ the Savior located?
Where is the Temple of the Tooth located?
In which city can you visit Al-Aqsa Mosque?
What city is the capital of Malaysia?
In which city is Bran Castle located?
Where is Yosemite Park located?
In which city can you see Machu Picchu?
What city is called the "City of Dreams"?
In which city is St. Vitus Cathedral located?
Where is the Washington Monument located?
In which city can you visit the Alaska Museum?
What city is the capital of Cuba?
In which city is the Rila Monastery located?
Where is the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao located?
In which city can you see St. Peter's Basilica?
What city is called the "City of a Thousand Minarets"?
In which city is the Lotus Temple located?
Where is the Pompeii Archaeological Park located?
In which city can you visit the Victoria and Albert Museum?
What city is the capital of Chile?
In which city is Prague Castle located?
Where is the Leshan Giant Buddha located?
In which city can you see the Sagrada Familia?
What city is called the "City of Music"?
In which city is the Temple of Isis located?
Where is the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park located?
In which city can you visit the Rijksmuseum?
What city is the capital of Nepal?
In which city is Blenheim Palace located?
Where is Lenin's Mausoleum located?
In which city can you see the Hermitage?
What city is called the "City of Bonfires"?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
Where is Baalbek Temple located?
In which city can you visit the Louvre?
What city is the capital of Sri Lanka?
In which city is Angkor Wat located?
Where is the Tower of London located?
In which city can you see the Pyramids of Tikal?
What city is called the "City of Gods"?
In which city is the Temple of Hatshepsut located?
Where is the Machu Picchu Archaeological Park located?
In which city can you visit Hagia Sophia?
What city is the capital of Israel?
In which city is the Grand Palais located?
Where is Sequoia Park located?
In which city can you see the Kremlin?
What city is called the "City of Friendship"?
In which city is the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum located?
Where is the Sagrada Familia located?
In which city can you visit the Louvre Museum?
What city is the capital of Peru?
In which city is X Museum located?
Where is the Christ the Redeemer statue located?
In which city can you see the Winter Palace?
What city is called the "City of Gates"?
In which city is St. Paul's Cathedral located?
Where is Golden Gate Park located?
In which city can you visit the Hermitage Museum?
What city is the capital of Paraguay?
In which city is the Colosseum located?
Where is the Bagan Temple located?
In which city can you see the Louvre?
What city is called the "City of Three Cultures"?
In which city is Edinburgh Castle located?
Where is the Teotihuacan Archaeological Park located?
In which city can you visit the Temple of the Sun?
What city is the capital of Bulgaria?
In which city is the Metropolitan Museum of Art located?
Where is Hagia Sophia located?
In which city can you see the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
What city is called the "City of Cedars"?
In which city is the Louvre located?
Where is Gyeore Park located?
In which city can you visit the Prado Museum?
What city is the capital of Latvia?
In which city is Neuschwanstein Castle located?
Where is the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus located?
In which city can you see St. Isaac's Cathedral?
What city is called the "City of Lions"?
In which city is the Grand Canal located?
Where is the Batka Mahno statue located?
In which city can you visit the Louvre Museum?
What city is the capital of Kazakhstan?
In which city is the Albertina Museum located?
Where is the Knossos Archaeological Park located?
In which city can you see the Colosseum?
What city is called the "City of Jungles"?
In which city is Mirabell Palace located?
Where is the Ataturk Mausoleum located?
In which city can you visit the Hermitage Museum?
What city is the capital of Iceland?
In which city is the Tower of London located?
What is the largest lake in the world by surface area?
Which river is the longest in the world?
Where is Lake Baikal located?
What river flows through Egypt and is known as the longest river in Africa?
Which lake is known as the largest freshwater lake in North America?
What is the smallest sea in the world by surface area?
Which river is the longest in Europe?
Where is the Dead Sea located, and why is it called the Dead Sea?
What lake is located in the middle of Africa and is known for its high salinity?
Which river flows through the Grand Canyon?
What is the largest lake in South America?
Where is the Great Salt Lake located?
Which river is known for its dramatic delta in Egypt?
What is the deepest lake in the world?
Which sea is connected to the Atlantic Ocean through the Strait of Gibraltar?
What is the longest river in Asia?
Where is Lake Victoria situated?
Which river is known as the longest in the United States?
What lake is located in Switzerland and is known for its picturesque scenery?
Which sea is known for its high salinity and is bordered by Israel, Jordan, and Palestine?
What is the largest lake in Africa by surface area?
Where is the Amazon River located?
Which lake is known as the largest in Australia?
What is the main river flowing through Paris?
Which sea is bordered by Turkey, Greece, and Bulgaria?
What is the largest lake in India?
Which river flows through Budapest, Hungary?
Where is Lake Tahoe located?
What is the largest lake in Europe by surface area?
Which sea separates the continents of Europe and Africa?
What is the main river flowing through Moscow?
Where is Lake Erie located?
Which river is the primary water source for the city of Shanghai?
What is the name of the sea that lies between Africa and Europe?
Which lake is known for its clear blue waters and is located in the Canadian Rockies?
What river flows through New York City?
Where is the Caspian Sea located, and why is it considered a sea?
What is the deepest lake in North America?
Which river flows through the Amazon rainforest?
What is the largest lake in the United Kingdom?
Where is the Yangtze River located?
Which sea is known for its extensive coral reefs and is located in the Pacific Ocean?
What lake is known for its unique pink color in Australia?
Which river is known for its historical significance in ancient Rome?
Where is Lake Geneva situated?
What is the primary river flowing through Cairo, Egypt?
Which sea is connected to the Indian Ocean through the Gulf of Aden?
What is the largest lake in Mongolia?
Where is the Missouri River located, and how does it compare in length to the Mississippi River?
What lake is known for its large floating islands in Peru?
Which river flows through the city of London?
Where is the Baltic Sea located, and which countries border it?
What is the largest lake in Italy?
Which river is known for its delta in the Netherlands?
Where is Lake Huron located, and what makes it significant among the Great Lakes?
What is the largest lake in Central Asia?
Which river flows through the city of Buenos Aires?
Where is Lake Okeechobee located?
What is the name of the sea bordered by Saudi Arabia and Egypt?
Which lake is known for its distinctive horseshoe shape in the U.S. state of Nevada?
What river is the primary water source for the city of Bangkok?
Where is the Adriatic Sea located, and which countries border it?
What is the largest lake in New Zealand?
Which river flows through the city of Prague?
Where is Lake Como located, and what is it known for?
What is the main river flowing through Rome?
Which sea is located between Italy and the Balkan Peninsula?
What is the largest lake in South Africa?
Where is the Ganges River located, and why is it significant to Hinduism?
What is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Michigan?
Which river flows through the city of Vienna?
Where is the Arabian Sea located, and which countries border it?
What is the name of the lake known for its unique blue color in the French Alps?
Which river is known for its source in the Himalayas and its delta in Bangladesh?
Where is Lake Titicaca located, and why is it significant to the local cultures?
What is the primary river flowing through the city of Madrid?
Which sea is known for its historical significance in ancient trade routes between Europe and Asia?
What is the largest lake in the Canadian province of Ontario?
Where is the Loire River located, and what is it known for?
What lake is situated between the U.S. states of Minnesota and Wisconsin?
Which river is known for its source in the Alps and its delta in the Mediterranean Sea?
Where is the Lake of Geneva located, and which countries share its shoreline?
What is the name of the river flowing through the city of Sydney?
Which sea is located between the coasts of Turkey and Cyprus?
Where is Lake Ladoga located, and what makes it significant in Russia?
What is the largest lake in the European part of Russia?
Which river flows through the city of Cairo, Egypt?
Where is the Sea of Japan located, and which countries border it?
What is the deepest lake in Europe?
Which river is known for its historical significance in the development of Mesopotamia?
Where is the Black Sea located, and which countries border it?
What is the largest lake in Scandinavia?
Which river flows through the city of Chicago?
Where is the Sea of Okhotsk located, and which countries border it?
What is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Texas?
Which river flows through the city of Denver, Colorado?
Where is the Tasman Sea located, and which countries border it?
What is the largest lake in the African Great Lakes region?
Which river is known for its source in the Andes and its delta in Argentina?
Where is the Mediterranean Sea located, and which continents surround it?
What is the highest mountain peak in the world?
Which mountain range separates Europe from Asia?
Where is Mount Everest located?
What is the tallest volcano in the world?
Which mountain is the highest peak in North America?
What is the name of the mountain range that runs along the western coast of South America?
Which volcano erupted in 79 AD and buried the city of Pompeii?
What is the highest peak in the Alps?
Where is the Kilauea volcano located?
Which mountain is known as the "Matterhorn" and is located in the Swiss Alps?
What is the tallest mountain in Africa?
Which volcano is located in Japan and is known for its iconic shape?
What is the longest mountain range in the world?
Where is the Mauna Loa volcano located?
Which mountain range runs through eastern North America?
What is the name of the volcano that erupted in 1980 and significantly altered the landscape of Washington State?
Where is Mount Kilimanjaro located?
What is the name of the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains?
Which volcano is known for its regular eruptions and is located in the Galápagos Islands?
What is the highest peak in the Andes Mountains?
Where is the Mount Fuji volcano located?
Which mountain range extends from Morocco to Turkey?
What is the name of the volcano in Iceland that erupted in 2010, disrupting air travel across Europe?
Where is Mount McKinley (Denali) located?
What is the highest peak in the Himalayas after Mount Everest?
Which volcano is the most active in the world and is located in Hawaii?
What is the name of the famous volcanic peak in Chile known for its symmetrical cone shape?
Where is the Ural Mountain range located?
Which volcano is known for its caldera and is located in Yellowstone National Park?
What is the highest peak in the Atlas Mountains?
Where is the famous Mount Etna located?
Which mountain range forms the natural border between Europe and Asia?
What is the name of the active volcano located on the island of Java in Indonesia?
Where is the Matterhorn located?
What is the highest peak in the Southern Alps of New Zealand?
Which volcano is known for its large, explosive eruptions and is located in the Cascade Range?
What is the name of the mountain range that extends from the Mediterranean to the Black Sea?
Where is the volcano Mount Vesuvius located?
What is the highest peak in the Alps?
Which volcano is known for its eruptions in the 18th century and is located in the Philippines?
What is the name of the mountain range that forms the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau?
Where is the Mount Parinacota volcano located?
What is the tallest mountain in Japan?
Which volcano is known for its eruption in 1883 that caused global climatic effects?
What is the name of the active volcano in Costa Rica known for its frequent eruptions?
Where is the mountain range known as the Drakensberg located?
What is the name of the volcano located on the island of Sicily?
Which mountain range runs along the eastern coast of Australia?
Where is the Mount St. Helens volcano located?
What is the highest peak in the Carpathian Mountains?
Which volcano is known for its caldera and is located in the Mediterranean Sea?
Where is the famous volcano Mount Rainer located?
What is the highest peak in the Andes mountain range?
Which mountain range separates the plains of Russia from the steppes of Mongolia?
Where is the volcano Mount Arenal located?
What is the name of the mountain range that runs through central Asia and includes Mount Elbrus?
Where is the active volcano Mount Sinabung located?
What is the tallest peak in the Swiss Alps?
Which volcano is known for its eruption in 1963 that created a new island in the North Atlantic?
Where is the mountain range known as the Pyrenees located?
What is the name of the volcanic mountain located in the Galápagos Islands known for its large eruptions?
Which volcano is the most active in the Andes mountains?
Where is the Mount Erebus volcano located?
What is the highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains?
Which volcano is known for its eruption in 1902 that devastated the island of Martinique?
Where is the mountain range known as the Sierra Nevada located?
What is the name of the volcano located on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia, known for its large eruptions?
Which mountain range extends from Canada to the United States?
Where is the volcano Mount Popocatépetl located?
What is the highest peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range?
Which volcano is known for its eruptions in the 19th century and is located in the Central Pacific?
Where is the volcano Mount Kramst located?
What is the name of the mountain range that includes Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya?
Which volcano is known for its lava fountains and is located in the French Polynesia?
Where is the volcano Mount Cotopaxi located?
What is the tallest mountain in the Kamchatka Peninsula?
Which mountain range forms the border between India and Nepal?
Where is the active volcano Mount Villarrica located?
What is the name of the mountain range that includes the peaks of the Mount Rushmore National Memorial?
Which volcano is known for its eruption in 1991 that had significant environmental impacts?
Where is the volcano Mount Tambora located?
What is the name of the volcano located on the island of Luzon in the Philippines?
Which mountain range extends from eastern Europe to western Asia?
Where is the volcano Mount Shasta located?
What is the tallest peak in the Cascade Range?
Which volcano is located in the northern part of the Japanese island of Honshu?
Where is the mountain range known as the Tien Shan located?
What is the name of the volcano located on the island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean?
Which mountain range is known for the famous Annapurna and Everest peaks?
Where is the volcano Mount Aso located?
What is the highest peak in the Canadian Rockies?
Which volcano is known for its eruption in 2002 that affected the island of Java in Indonesia?
Where is the volcano Mount Roraima located?
What is the name of the mountain range that forms the boundary between the African and European tectonic plates?
Which volcano is known for its symmetrical cone shape and is located in Japan?
Where is the volcano Mount Yassir located?
What is the name of the highest peak in the Andes located in Argentina?
Which volcano is located on the island of Santorini in Greece?
Where is the mountain range known as the Great Dividing Range located?
What is the tallest peak in the Southern Alps of New Zealand?